fix: HAIP interoperability for x509_hash (#884)
italia/eidas-it-wallet-docs: docs/en/relying-party-metadata.rst

Relying Party Metadata
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> The *openid_credential_verifier* metadata MUST contain the *client_metadata*, as included in the parameters shown below. (:ref:`test-plans-remote-presentation`). Please note that *openid_credential_verifier* is a OpenID Federation specific metadata used for OpenID4VP and it is used only when the Relying Party's ``client_id`` is set with ``openid_federation``. When the Relying Party's ``client_id`` parameter is set with ``x509_hash``, the metadata is instead conveyed in the ``client_metadata`` parameter provided within the request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The *openid_credential_verifier* metadata MUST contain the *client_metadata*, as included in the parameters shown below. (:ref:`test-plans-remote-presentation`). Please note that *openid_credential_verifier* is a OpenID Federation specific metadata used for OpenID4VP and it is used when the Relying Party's ``client_id`` is set with ``openid_federation``. When the Relying Party's ``client_id`` parameter is set with ``x509_hash``, the metadata is instead conveyed in the ``client_metadata`` parameter provided within the request.
```

The *openid_credential_verifier* metadata MUST contain the following parameters (:ref:`test-plans-remote-presentation`).

.. note::

>   The metadata below applies only when the ``client_id`` uses the ``openid_federation`` prefix. For ``x509_hash``, the metadata is instead conveyed in the ``client_metadata`` parameter. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The *openid_credential_verifier* metadata MUST contain the *client_metadata*, as included in the parameters shown below. (:ref:`test-plans-remote-presentation`). Please note that *openid_credential_verifier* is a OpenID Federation specific metadata used for OpenID4VP and it is used only when the Relying Party's ``client_id`` is set with ``openid_federation``. When the Relying Party's ``client_id`` parameter is set with ``x509_hash``, the metadata is instead conveyed in the ``client_metadata`` parameter provided within the request.
```
